docs: create the model generation guide (#1096)
asyncapi/generator: docs/model-generation.md

5. An array of Python model classes is generated from the `asyncapi`,AsyncAPI document, object received from the generator.
6. An empty array **files** is defined to store the generated model files.
7. The for loop iterates over each generated model and formats the generated model names to Pascal case.
8. The filenames and the model schemas are added to the **files** array.
9. The function returns an array of files, each representing the generated model class, to the generator engine.

>Note:
>You can integrate this example into your own template by following the [generator template tutorial](https://www.asyncapi.com/docs/tools/generator/generator-template). Ensure that you add `@asyncapi/modelina` to template dependencies using `npm install --save @asyncapi/modelina`.

## Generate models

To learn how to generate models using the AsyncAPI CLI, refer to the section on Generator CLI usage. Execute the command provided there, and upon successful generation, the output will guide you to the location of your newly created model files in the specified directory **test/project/src/models**.

## Conclusion

> Modelina provides a flexible and powerful way to generate data models from AsyncAPI, OpenAPI, or JSON Schema documents. With the AsyncAPI CLI, you can easily generate models and integrate them into your development workflow. With the ability to customize the generated models, Modelina proves to be a valuable tool in the development of event-driven architectures.

Author: Taking a look

---
title: "Generating models and classes using Modelina"
weight: 200
---

> Suppose you want to generate models for your application from the data types you have using the asyncapi generator. Then you should use Modelina instead of the asyncapi generator with a template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use [AsyncAPI Modelina](/tools/modelina) to generate models for an application. Since models generation is something that you usually perform as an automated step through CI/CD, best way to use Modelina is through [AsyncAPI CLI](/tools/cli).

In case you work on a template for generating an application and part of template responsibilities is to provide models, you should integrate Modelina library instead of templating model structures using features from AsyncAPI Generator.
```
